Privacy Policy

English
Privacy Policy for EDT UPHF
Last updated: January 22, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Interpretation and Definitions
Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device, named Mastermind Code Breaker

Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Mastermind Code Breaker.

Country refers to: France

Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

Service refers to the Application.

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
Types of Data Collected

Information Collected while Using the Application
While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:

Information regarding your location
We use this information to provide features of Our Service (especially Bluetooth), to improve and customize Our Service. The information will be simply stored on Your device.

You can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through Your Device settings.

Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:
Mastermind Code Breaker collects location to enable Bluetooth even when the app is closed or not in use.
To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.

Transfer of Your Personal Data
Your information, isn't transfered in external servers or others, all informations are stored on your device
We don't share any of Your personal information to third-party Services

Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: max.dev.app.contact@gmail.com
